So, let's take a look at a common prefix example.
The way you do this is that you say copy,
and that would be the target table in Redshift from a particular S3 bucket.
If you look closely here,
that's an S3 bucket,
then you have a key here that actually constitutes a path,
then at the end, you have part.
That part now is actually not a file.
If you look at the structure of this tickets/split,
you will find that part is actually 10 files,
and these 10 files have the common prefix part.
As we said, once it sees that,
once the thread shift sees that you have actually that bit of paralyze,
it starts as spinning a number of workers and
your compute nodes can entirely go and start fetching a file.
You would actually need,
and we're going to speak about this a little bit more closely,
some credentials to be able to access Amazon S3 from
Redshift because remember that it's Redshift which is
initiating a connection to S3 in an attempt to fetch the data.
You can also here declare that we are actually working with gzip,
if you can see it here,
and that you have a custom delimiter as semicolon into those,
and you actually would like to get that from the US West Region.
The other way, if you do not want to depend on
this prefix things and you want to be more explicit,
is actually you can go and say,
copy into this table from a manifest file and you say,
I'm specifying the manifest method here.
Once you do that,
you see that you get those explicit files.
There's no guessing anymore.